with those lions hey I'm Scott Chandler
more of extreme Waterman tow surfing big
wave surfing Stan a paddle surfing
hydrofoil and now starting to test with
motorized surfboard so body things kind
of a beginning with Bal via the water
sports that I do so I'm here to seen
gene med capital with us therapy he's
been working on me for a little over a
year now and keeping me in athletes I
had a real bad back injury and was
turned on to him by a friend for some
deep tissue massage some deep tissue
therapy and I've been seeing him now
like I said for over in here and things
are all good so I'm I'm here for a
maintenance and and get worked on and
and get in keeping tip-top shape I do
neuromuscular sports therapy at the
advanced deep tissue therapy and gets to
the root cause results in the handsome
performance and changing lives so they
clients get back to doing what they love
to do the most and they have fun and
enjoying new levels of an enhanced
performance because I'm able to help
them break through all the irritations
that come with road biking or surfing or
mountain climbing you name it so I just
help people have more fun
free from how most people don't realize
that through any sport whatever weather
me golf or whatnot that it does take a
toll on your body and that to keep
yourself in great tune it helps to go
see a deep tissue massage therapies and
somebody like Jean here and golden
touches is a it's a great person i know
many other professional athletes from
professional baseball players to
football players that have come to see
him and had some awesome results and
it's until that you have some d tissue
therapy done that you've really realized
how important it is to your body to keep
it in shape and keep everything tuned up
for the sport that you do in this guy
sure I went over the falls on them on
about a 45 50 foot wave and when I went
over it and it broke morning I got
sucked over when it broke it took my
armor on my back and snap my PEC minor
which is this big muscle that comes out
of your armpit to hear snap it off the
bounce of thing that it cut me open and
drill four holes in my arm and lace it
like a shoe reattach this whole muscle
which is your pet back to them to the
bone so I have a little dents in there
where they pulled it all right but um so
I just kind of felt some and I don't
know how I did I think I pulled the jet
ski trailer if I put it on my arm like
this stuff though i propped up there
probably high on this side huh yeah and
a half neuromuscular therapy actually
reduces the curve in the spine the
scoliosis so the shoulder of the tire
the hip this higher actually comes back
down so when it comes back down the
nerves are not being pinched anymore so
the first blood gets back into all the
muscles so when the nerves that actually
make those muscles work in the first
place affecting performance when they're
the scoliosis actually reduces the
ability for people to enjoy their sport
so I actually change all that and get
people back having fun again kind of but
I right we push to right in there that's
good i brought the hydrofoil the other
day these muscles have been too big so
much and a repetitive motion and so
repetitive motion is making these
muscles super tight from the from the
rib cage rib cage right here the top of
the hips is like right here so then
these muscles are always being twisted
and as you know as surface you're
working instead of the flow of the water
the current having to stay up working
out working in every way you can to stay
on the board so I have to get the these
muscles lengthen because they get
shorter and tighter shorter and tighter
and then they get really really
irritated because the nerves are being
pinched and again I don't know if anyone
has done Studies on the how much we're
in tears on the muscles and joints when
the and the I mean the vertebrae and the
nerves when they're surfing but like I
mentioned before for renters it's 50,000
pounds per leg as they're running so
can't even imagine what it is for 65
foot waves gotta gotta get these muscles
turned on again the nerves that actually
make these muscles work or not working
right or wouldn't be sore yeah so when
you get a chance again and the body is
aching if your pre-surgery or post
surgery or you just sore and you just
don't have that range of motion you used
to have come c g metcalf golden touch
therefore you can reach you my golden
touch therapy calm